README.md, before:

# Project 3 - *Name of App Here*

**Name of your app** is a Yelp search app using the [Yelp API](http://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v2/search_api).

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ ] Table rows for search results should be dynamic height according to the content height.
- [ ] Custom cells should have the proper Auto Layout constraints.
- [ ] Search bar should be in the navigation bar (doesn't have to expand to show location like the real Yelp app does).

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Search results page
- [ ] Infinite scroll for restaurant results.
- [ ] Implement map view of restaurant results.
- [ ] Implement the restaurant detail page.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1. 
2. 

## Video Walkthrough 

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

fixed UI, implement infinite scroll, fixed README

README.md, after:

# Project 3 - *Yelp Search*

**Yelp Search** is a Yelp search app using the [Yelp API](http://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v2/search_api).

Time spent: **20** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] Table rows for search results should be dynamic height according to the content height.
- [x] Custom cells should have the proper Auto Layout constraints.
- [x] Search bar should be in the navigation bar (doesn't have to expand to show location like the real Yelp app does).

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Search results page
- [x] Infinite scroll for restaurant results.
- [ ] Implement map view of restaurant results.
- [ ] Implement the restaurant detail page.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [x] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!
1. Changed UI color of navigation bar
2. Added cancel option to search bar
3. Added deselect animation

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1. Probably asking the people how they implemented the map optional.
2. I would discuss how other people were able to implement creative UI since there weren't a lot of places to customize

## Video Walkthrough 

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='https://gifyu.com/images/yelpGif.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Trying to implement the infinite scroll was a bit of a challenge because it didn't follow the pattern of the guide and we had to learn how implement it with the Yelp app.

## License

Copyright [2016] [Jie-Anne Asistio]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
